README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/darya-strekalovskaya/java-project-71/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/darya-strekalovskaya/java-project-71/actions)
[![Java CI](https://github.com/darya-strek/java-project-71/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/darya-strek/java-project-71/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/3c65db1fa752598658eb/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/darya-strek/java-project-71/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/3c65db1fa752598658eb/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/darya-strek/java-project-71/test_coverage)

### What is it?
This project is a program: the difference calculator shows the difference between two files. 
The utility supports different input formats: yaml and json, and the report can be presented in three formats: plain text, stylish and json.

### [Demonstation of comparison of two .json files](https://asciinema.org/a/H8gUNyE5sTsOYDYist9NLgiYb)

Commit message:

Add asciinema at README.md, fix Parser.java and Differ.java

README.md, after:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/darya-strekalovskaya/java-project-71/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/darya-strekalovskaya/java-project-71/actions)
[![Java CI](https://github.com/darya-strek/java-project-71/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/darya-strek/java-project-71/actions/workflows/main.yml)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/3c65db1fa752598658eb/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/darya-strek/java-project-71/maintainability)
[![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/3c65db1fa752598658eb/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/darya-strek/java-project-71/test_coverage)

### What is it?
This project is a program: the difference calculator shows the difference between two files. 
The utility supports different input formats: yaml and json, and the report can be presented in three formats: plain text, stylish and json.

### Demonstation of comparison of two .json files
[![asciinema badge](https://asciinema.org/a/8LJRrfRycVl9WccvlVuEPXYKx.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/8LJRrfRycVl9WccvlVuEPXYKx)

### Demonstation of comparison of two .yml files
[![asciinema badge](https://asciinema.org/a/uvP7tDslIOp7SP8tfe4xE5Xx8.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/uvP7tDslIOp7SP8tfe4xE5Xx8)
